Here's a joke in the form of a story.
A woman decided to have a facelift for her 50th birthday. She spent $20,000 and she looked sensational.
On her way home, she stopped at a newsstand to buy a newspaper.
She said to the clerk "I hope you don't mind me asking, but how old do you think I am?".
The man said, "About 32".
She said happily, "Nope, I'm exactly 50".
A while later, she went into a McDonald's and asked the girl at the counter the same question.
The girl replied, "I guess about twenty-nine".
The woman replied with a big smile "Nope, I'm exactly 50".
A short time later, my friend Bob was sitting at a bus stop when the woman sat down next to him and asked the same question.
Bob considered and said "I have a surefire way to tell your age, but it requires you to let me put my hands under your bra. If you let me, I will tell you exactly how old you are."
They waited in silence for a bit. The woman realized the street was empty and her curiosity got the better of her.
She finally blurted out "Oh, what the hell, go ahead".
Bob slipped both of his hands under her blouse and began to feel around slowly and carefully.
He bounced and weighed. He pinched, pushed, rubbed, and squeezed.
After a few minutes, she said, "OK, OK, how old am I?".
Bob said, "Ma'am, you're exactly 50".
Stunned and amazed, the woman said, "That was incredible! How could you tell?".
And Bob answered, "I was behind you at McDonald's".